Remove test resource path prefix, update jvm resource load (#162)
goncalossilva/kotlinx-resources: README.md

To setup resources correctly and avoid `FilNotFoundException` & co:

1. **Put them in the [resources folder](https://docs.gradle.org/current/dsl/org.gradle.api.tasks.SourceSet.html#org.gradle.api.tasks.SourceSet:resources) of a source set.** For example, `src/commonTest/resources/` or `src/jsTest/resources/`.
2. **Specify the path relative to the resources folder.** For example, if your file is at
   `src/commonTest/resources/a-folder/a-file.txt`, use `Resource("a-folder/a-file.txt")`.

With these in mind, you're ready to go.

### Collision handling

> When running platform-specific tests, the platform-specific resource takes precedence if it exists.
> 
> For example:
> 
> - JVM tests will load resources from `jvmTest/resources`.
> - iOS Simulator tests will load resources from `iosSimulatorArm64Test/resources`
> 
> 
> > [!NOTE]
> > It is recommended to keep common resources shared across platforms in `commonTest/resources` to avoid conflicts.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Platform-specific resources take precedence when running those platform's tests.

This means that resources under `jvmTest/resources/` take precedence over `commonTest/resources/`for JVM tests, resources under `iosSimulatorArm64Test/resources/` take precedence over `commonTest/resources/` for iOS Simulator tests, and so on. You can use this to override resource files in specific platforms, should you need that functionality.

As a rule of thumb, `src/commonTest/resources/` should be prefered for shared resources to avoid conflicts.

```

To setup resources correctly and avoid `FilNotFoundException` & co:

1. **Put them in the [resources folder](https://docs.gradle.org/current/dsl/org.gradle.api.tasks.SourceSet.html#org.gradle.api.tasks.SourceSet:resources) of a source set.** For example, `src/commonTest/resources/` or `src/jsTest/resources/`.
2. **Specify the path relative to the resources folder.** For example, if your file is at
   `src/commonTest/resources/a-folder/a-file.txt`, use `Resource("a-folder/a-file.txt")`.

With these in mind, you're ready to go.

### Collision handling

When running platform-specific tests, the platform-specific resource takes precedence if it exists.

> If a resource with the same path also exists in `commonTest`, Gradle will fail the build with the following error:
> `Entry 'your_file' is a duplicate but no duplicate handling strategy has been set.`
> 
> This behavior forces explicit resolution of duplicates between platform-specific and common resources.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This isn't implemented, so let's wait for it to be available before we document it.

To setup resources correctly and avoid `FilNotFoundException` & co:

1. **Put them in the [resources folder](https://docs.gradle.org/current/dsl/org.gradle.api.tasks.SourceSet.html#org.gradle.api.tasks.SourceSet:resources) of a source set.** For example, `src/commonTest/resources/` or `src/jsTest/resources/`.
2. **Specify the path relative to the resources folder.** For example, if your file is at

>    `src/commonTest/resources/a-folder/a-file.txt`, use `Resource("a-folder/a-file.txt")`.

Author: Thanks, will check

>    `src/commonTest/resources/a-folder/a-file.txt`, use `Resource("a-folder/a-file.txt")`.

Author: If we have the same `test.txt` file (but with different content inside) in both `commonTest` and `jvmTest`, we get the following:

- Running JVM tests will choose the file from jvmTest.
- Running in iosSimulatorArm64Test will choose the file from commonTest.

We can add in plugin `task.duplicatesStrategy = DuplicatesStrategy.FAIL` that will fail if we try to copy resource duplicate:

<img width="1161" alt="Screenshot 2025-06-10 at 11 15 29" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9a3e0c20-832c-4a19-a341-998d506e0a85" />

Its not save us from border cases.
As for me, if developer wants to run tests for all targets from commonTest, the whole resources should be stored in the `commonTest/resources` folder ONLY."

>    `src/commonTest/resources/a-folder/a-file.txt`, use `Resource("a-folder/a-file.txt")`.

Reviewer: > If we have the same `test.txt` file (but with different content inside) in both `commonTest` and `jvmTest`, we get the following:
> 
>     * Running JVM tests will choose the file from jvmTest.
> 
>     * Running in iosSimulatorArm64Test will choose the file from commonTest.

This is intuitive and it makes sense. Let's just make sure this behavior is consistent in other platforms and document it. 👍

>    `src/commonTest/resources/a-folder/a-file.txt`, use `Resource("a-folder/a-file.txt")`.

Author: updated unreleased section

<img width="1227" alt="Screenshot 2025-06-11 at 08 56 55" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b2d40123-61cf-42d5-b16b-dab385941c24" />

>    `src/commonTest/resources/a-folder/a-file.txt`, use `Resource("a-folder/a-file.txt")`.

Reviewer: Lovely, thank you! I've simplified the `CHANGELOG.md` since we have such a well-laid-out `README.md`. I think that's enough.
